Assignment 2:
1. add shopping cart functionality  DONE
2. Add Quantity parameter           DONE
3. add webpage for checkout feature with thank you message  DONE
4. Way to delete the shopping cart  DONE
5. Only users logged in can purchase items    DONE
6. Info stored per user: wines purchased and their prices,
   the date and time, and the user ID of the purchaser. DONE
7. Modify search html                                   DONE
8. corner case of empty field in add to cart            DONE
9. If empty cart print Empty Cart and disable purchase  DONE
10. Add link to checkout                                DONE
11. Doesn't immediately add after login in display page DONE
12. Optimize the quantity parameter                   DONE
13. add date and time parameter to accur              DONE
14. Click and notify the user that he has to sign in
15. Timing and date

Assignment 4:
1. Make Wines to bid Database DONE
2. Make Shopping Cart for wines to bid_key DONE
3. Add Link for Wines open for bidding on display BidPage DONE
5. Modify existing code to accomodate changes in DB DONE
6. Add emailing part to bidding
7. Notify me part CANCELLED
10. Deduct quantity_available on purchase, if 0 then remove entry DONE
11. Deduct quantity available to bid, if 0 then remove entry, if non 0 and below threshold then read for Bidding
else add it to general
12. Prevent addition of items in inventory till bidding not over CANCEL
13. Prevent addition of items greater than quantity available: if newly added items + old items > available items add only available items
14. Don't allow to bid more than quantity_available GAURI PART
Note: Bidding to winners will be given on best effort basis. if 5 is promised and 2 are available only 2 will be given GAURI PART
15. Change entire code to datetime
16. Add hidden wine id all html pages: DONE
  Checklist:
  A. thank.html
  B. search.html
  C. wine_info
  D. checkout
  E. bidding.html
17. Do I need to handle the case where cart quantity outdated
